docs: add release-notes for language ports (#30868)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/release-notes-csharp.md

  ```

- [`method: LocatorAssertions.toHaveRole`] checks if the element has the specified ARIA role:
  ```csharp
  var locator = Page.GetByTestId("save-button");
  await Expect(locator).ToHaveRoleAsync(AriaRole.Button);
  ```

**Locator handler**

- After executing the handler added with [`method: Page.addLocatorHandler`], Playwright will now wait until the overlay that triggered the handler is not visible anymore. You can opt-out of this behavior with the new `NoWaitAfter` option.
- You can use new `Times` option in [`method: Page.addLocatorHandler`] to specify maximum number of times the handler should be run.
- The handler in [`method: Page.addLocatorHandler`] now accepts the locator as argument.
- New [`method: Page.removeLocatorHandler`] method for removing previously added locator handlers.

```csharp
var locator = Page.GetByText("This interstitial covers the button");
await Page.AddLocatorHandlerAsync(locator, async (overlay) =>
{
    await overlay.Locator("#close").ClickAsync();
}, new() { Times = 3, NoWaitAfter = true });
// Run your tests that can be interrupted by the overlay.
// ...
await Page.RemoveLocatorHandlerAsync(locator);
```

**Miscellaneous options**

> - [`Multipart`](./api/class-apirequestcontext#api-request-context-fetch-option-multipart) option in `APIRequestContext.FetchAsync()` supports now repeating fields with the same name using [`method: FormData.append`]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New method [`method: FormData.append`] allows to specify repeating fields with the same name in [`Multipart`](./api/class-apirequestcontext#api-request-context-fetch-option-multipart) option in `APIRequestContext.FetchAsync()`:
- ```
